All right, we're gonna keep moving.
So I got products here.
Other ones I had were, so we have product.
And then, I felt like products have
updates, so I made an update model.
Users can have products and
products can have updates.
So that's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna make an update model.
So let's do that.
So I'm gonna go back into here,
I'm gonna say model,
update like that,
you already know I'm copying that ID and
that created ad, and
I'm pacing it here just like that.
I'm also probably gonna add another
one here underneath created ad called
updatedAt since you might be able to
update updates, I guess, that makes sense,
and then we'll give that
one a date time as well.
It doesn't have a default,
because I don't know when you updated it.
So I'm not gonna give it a default.
So we got that.
First.
Okay, so I think obviously they
have a title if we go back and
look at the design.
The title would be,
I got so many of these open,
it would be like this thing,
that would be the title.
So that's why I'm saying, so
one of these things is an update.
And here's the title for the update.
Well, I'm sorry.
This whole thing is an update, and
one of these things is The title for it.
So we have a title,
that's gonna be String, and then we have
Body which is also String.
We have status which is, if you go back
and look at design, it's this thing.
So like in-progress, things like that.
Because there's gonna be finite number of
statuses versus bunch of random statuses.
I'm gonna use something called enum,
so I've never heard of enum before.
An enum is basically just
like a bunch of constants.
That's basically what it is,
it's a bag of constants.
So I'm gonna say I have an enum
called UPDATE_STATUSES and
I'm gonna make some,
I'm gonna make one called IN_PROGRESS.
I'm gonna make another one called,
I don't know, SHIPPED, another one called
DEPRECATED, And, yeah, and you can make as
many status as you want, I probably
have something different on the site.
But so we got the UPDATE_STATUSES and
then for status down here,
I can say, your type UPDATE_STATUSES.
I guess, I should just call it
UPDATE_STATUS, not statuses.
And then I can give it
a default of one of them.
I'll say by default,
they're all in progress,
Okay?
And then I have some other things
down here like version String,
things like that, so we can add those.
So, reason I put versions of to design
that there was some updates cell
like a version release thing here so
I was like we should track the version.
So that's what I'm tracking,
the release there, so but it's optional,
it's not all of them have it, so I can say
version, it's a string, but it's optional.
By default every field is required
unless you put a question mark on it.
So optional, and then asset because
some updates have an asset.
This thing has a GIF.
This one also has a GIF.
I guess all these have assets but
maybe you don't have one for one of them.
So, also gonna make that a String cuz
it'll be a URL and it's also optional.
So you can kind of see just like how I'm
going through the design like tryna think
about how to model this data.
Is actually how I do it in real life,
I literally do it this way.
I don't know any other way.
If you have another way,
I'd be super interested in your process
cuz I have to do it this way, Okay?
And then now an update
belongs to a product, so
we got to set up that relationship.
So let's do that.
So we'll have productId.
That's gonna be type String,
cuz a productId is a String, and
that's what we're gonna reference there.
And then we have product.
And I'm gonna say that's type product And
relation of the fields to productId,
who references Id like that.
So product is type product, has a
relationship for the productId field here
on the updates side and
it references the id on the product side.
And we get this squiggly.
We can go back to our terminal,
we can run npx prisma format.
And just like that, if you scroll up to
our products, we get this update here.
I don't want it to be called capital
update, and I want to be plural, so
I'm gonna call it updates like that.
And then I think I had one more,
so I think I just confused myself.
The update is actually this whole thing,
but these little things,
I think I call them update points.
They're just like little points and
update.
I'm not good at naming stuff,
so, but I call it update points.
So that's what we're gonna do,
we're gonna call these update points.
And this whole thing is an update.
So let's do that.
So I'll say model UpdatePoint.
And I'm getting all three of these,
id, createdAt, updatedAt,
putting them in there.
And if I look at an UpdatePoint, it has
this thing and then this thing, right?
So what did I call them here?
I think I called them,
they got name and description.
So let's do that.
So name is String.
We're gonna give it a length here.
And then description is also String but
it doesn't have a length
cuz it could be longer.
So we got that UpdatePoint.
And because UpdatePoint belong to updates,
we have to set up that relationship.
So I'll say updateId is type String and
it belongs to an update whose type
is update with a capital U and
I'm gonna set up a relationship
on the fields for
updateId that references
the id field on update.
I'm just gonna run my thing again
cuz it's just so nice to me.
And, If I go back to my update,
you can see it at UpdatePoint,
lowercase that and called it points
instead and there we go, we have a schema.
Any questions on this or just thoughts,
opinions on prisma so far for
anyone who's ever
interacted with a database.
>> I love it.
>> You love it?
>> Yeah, my bootcamp is teaching
document base like MongoDB but
I jumped ahead for
my big project I'm building, and so
I've been teaching myself PostgreSQL and
Prisma has been major.
>> Love it.
I love that, yeah.
Yeah, it does make working with
relational databases less daunting.
That's for sure.
I kinda briefly looked
at their source code.
So they have like a translation
layer that basically applies to,
they have to write a custom adapter for
every database.
And their translation layer
does the communication of that.
So it's like they can't just like, we
can support any database like no someone
mainly has to go in and write that
translation layer and that adapter for
that specific database and,
I mean, I've name the mongo1.
It took them months, took them
a long time to make so I wouldn't.
I think what they did was they went and
hired some of the best database experts in
the world who worked on these databases,
and had them write those adapters.
Because I saw at one point, they were
working with some of those folks.
So yeah, it seems like a very tedious
thing, but yeah, it's not like
they're definitely considering
best practices for each database.
Because it's going a database at a time
and it's not so much like, just we're
gonna spray and pray every database and
you're all going and get treated the same.
Because even in our documentation,
it'll be things like, for instance,
we're gonna get to migrations, you don't
need migrations on mongo, so you just
don't even run them, right, there's like,
don't even do on it doesn't make sense.
Or things like IDs, you won't need
stuff like this in a mongo1, so
it's like you don't need these at all,
so yeah, they've considered that,
and I think they've done a good job.